com.ziquid.celestialglory.CelestialGlory
com.ziquid.celestialglory.CelestialGlory: CelestialGlory()
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$drawable: int cg_actions
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$drawable: int cg_aides
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$drawable: int cg_forum
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$drawable: int cg_home
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$drawable: int cg_quests
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$drawable: int cg_trials
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$drawable: int icon
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$id: int browser
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$layout: int main
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$string: int app_name
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$string: int billing_not_supported_message
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$string: int billing_not_supported_title
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$string: int cannot_connect_message
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$string: int cannot_connect_title
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$string: int menu_actions
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$string: int menu_aides
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$string: int menu_challenges
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$string: int menu_home
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$string: int menu_lessons
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$string: int msg_ok
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$string: int url_actions
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$string: int url_aides
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$string: int url_challenges
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$string: int url_debug_home
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$string: int url_home
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$string: int url_lessons
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$string: int url_profile
com.ziquid.celestialglory.R$string: int url_purchase
